Make broker connection overridable through option on command (#44)
leroy-merlin-br/metamorphosis: docs/advanced.md

stdout_logfile=/var/log/default/kafka-consumer-price-update.log
```

##### Options

> Although you can run this simple command, it has some option you can pass to make it more flexible to your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although you can run this simple command, it provides some options you can pass to make it more flexible to your needs.
```

stdout_logfile=/var/log/default/kafka-consumer-price-update.log
```

##### Options

>  Although you can run this simple command, we've some options you can pass to make it more flexible to your needs.

Author: fair enough

 - `--partition=`

    If you wish do specify in which partition the consumer must be attached, you can set the option `--partition=`.

     `$ php artisan kafka:consume price-update --partition=2 --offset=34`

 - `--offset=`

     And if you need to start the consumption of a topic in a specific offset (it can be useful for debug purposes)
 you can pass the `--offset=` option, but for this, it will be required to specify the partition too.

    `$ php artisan kafka:consume price-update --partition=2 --offset=34`

 - `--broker=`

>    Sometimes, you may want to change which broker the consumer should connect into (maybe for testing/debug purposes).

Reviewer: "should connect to" ?

>    For that, you just nedd to call the `--broker` option with another broker connection key already setted in the `config/kafka.php` file.

Reviewer: *set
